Okay, so let's go ahead
and start launching instances
so that we can do our tutorial.
So let's name this one MyFirstInstance.
I will choose Amazon Linux,
and then I will scroll down.
I have a t2 micro.
For a key pair I can use one
I already have,
but I can just also create a new key pair.
Call this one DemoKeyPair.
I have to have RSA pem, and I will create it.
This way I can show you the complete steps
to making sure the key pair is properly configured.
Then for network settings, I can edit this
and I will create a new security group.
I will call it AWSSSH, and then I will make sure
to only have ssh on port 22 allowed from anywhere,
so that's good.
Storage looks good.
And then I will go ahead and launch my instance.
Okay, so my instance is now launched
and I'm going to perform the ssh on it.
So I will copy the public IPV4 address.
From there I'm going to go into my downloads directory.
This is where my key pair is.
So I'm going to change the permissions
of my DemoKeyPair.pem,
and then I will run the ssh utility.
So hopefully I'm not teaching you anything right here,
and then ec2-user@, and then the IP of the instance.
And then if everything's good I will say yes.
And then it will directly add a session to my instance.
And I am in my instance.
So that's good.
I could, as I said to you
now I can do any command such as echo "hello world."
And as you can see, it's working.
The other way I can connect
to my instance is using EC2 Instance Connect.
So to do so,
I just click on EC2 Instance Connect.
The username is suggested by me as ec2-user
which is good because we're using Amazon Linux.
Let's click on connect.
And yet again, I am in my instance
and I can issue any kind of commands.
So that's good.
We have created our instance.
We have connected two (indistinct) in two different ways.
So that's it.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.